Activity 1-2 Question Answers


Activity 1:


1. What is the URL of your Github project?
https://github.com/raydan4/TubeHub


1. How did you breakup your projects and what are the security ramifications?
We decided to break up the project based on the different activities. The security ramifications of this are if we only work on one task at a time until completion, we can be sure that we aren’t skipping over anything, and we can test security at various points along the way instead of just at the end.


1. How did you choose to break down your Epic into various issues (tasks)?
We broke down the epic into the different milestones, each with separate issues. We tried to make the tasks small enough to complete in a day but still large enough to feasibly test and keep track of.


1. How long did you assign each sprint to be?
We assigned each sprint to be approximately 2 weeks.


1. Did you deviate from the Agile methodology at all? If yes, what is your reasoning for this?
We did not deviate from the agile methodology as it seemed to fit quite well with what we are trying to do.


1. How do you ensure that after each issue/milestone that security has been verified? How would you identify such issues in an ideal environment?
We will ensure that security has been verified by incorporating security tests into our unit tests via pytest. To identify these issues, some sort of flag or tag would be applied to an issues stating that it is for security testing.


 Activity 2:


1. What Web Application security mechanisms are involved in your topology? What security mechanisms would ideally be involved?
The mechanisms we will be implementing are accessibility, authentication, and compatibility. Ideally, we would want something for monitoring and facilitating traffic as well.


1. What testing framework did you choose and why?
We chose to use pytest for our testing framework. The reasons we chose this are that everyone was semi-familiar with it, it was recommended for the project, and it is very compact.